docs(core): update links to schema.json of @schematics/angular (#39827)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/workspace-config.md

Specify the schematic name for a subcommand in the format `schematic-package:schematic-name`;
for example, the schematic for generating a component is `@angular:component`.

> The JSON schemas for the default schematics used by the CLI to generate projects and parts of projects are collected in the package [`@schematics/angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/11.0.x/packages/schematics/angular/application/schema.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON schemas for the default schematics used by the CLI to generate projects and parts of projects are collected in the package [`@schematics/angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/packages/schematics/angular/application/schema.json).
```
